Add Java analyzer comments for Annalyns Infiltration (#2323)
exercism/website-copy: analyzer-comments/java/annalyns-infiltration/avoid_unnecessary_parenthesis.md

> # Avoid unnecessary parenthesis

Reviewer: Since its informative, I would suggest less strong language such as "Some parentheses are redundant".

(Note: the plural of parenthesis is parentheses, and in this case you'll always remove two, so plural)

Reviewer 2: Just for my information: the heading in these files is not rendered on the website, right? So this heading is only used to satisfy the "all markdown files should have a level-1 heading" rule enforced by some of the tooling.

Reviewer 2: Looks like the [documentation](https://exercism.org/docs/building/markdown/markdown) answers my question:

> - All files must start start with a level-1 heading (# Some heading text).
> - Level-1 headings exist purely for consuming on GitHub or equivalent.
> - If the file is rendered by Exercism (e.g. displayed on the website, rendered via the CLI), this heading will be removed, and a contextual heading will be inserted.

Reviewer: Yeah.

So I actually meant to rename the file, which would usually result in a renamed header ;)

> If you use an `||` expression to OR two smaller expressions and either expression is surrounded by parentheses and only ANDs some terms together (e.g. `knightIsAwake || (archerIsAwake && !prisonerIsAwake)`), the parentheses is unnecessary because `&&` has the higher precedence over `||`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use an `||` expression to OR two smaller expressions and either expression is surrounded by parentheses and only ANDs some terms together (e.g. `knightIsAwake || (archerIsAwake && !prisonerIsAwake)`), the parentheses can be omitted because `&&` has the higher precedence over `||`:
```

And then I would do this.

> # Some parenthesis are redundant

Reviewer 2: I believe @SleeplessByte meant for you to rename the file to `some_parentheses_are_redundant.md`, and then updating the header to match the file name 🙂

Author: Fair enough, it makes more sense after all. I also made the changes to java-analyzer for better similarity between projects

If you use an `||` expression to OR two smaller expressions and either expression is surrounded by parentheses and only ANDs some terms together (e.g. `knightIsAwake || (archerIsAwake && !prisonerIsAwake)`), the parentheses can be omitted because `&&` has the higher precedence over `||`:

```java
// instead of
knightIsAwake || (archerIsAwake && !prisonerIsAwake);

// use
knightIsAwake || archerIsAwake && !prisonerIsAwake;
```

> Please note that, in certain complex cases, using parenthesis can improve readability and understanding of the condition.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Please note that, in certain complex cases, using parentheses can improve readability and understanding of the condition.
```

Author: My bad, that's not a word I use frequently in english 😆
